Documentation for multiple classes (#1114)
jupyter/nbgrader: nbgrader/docs/source/configuration/jupyterhub_config.rst

.. code:: python

    c = get_config()
    c.CourseDirectory.root = '/home/grader-course101/course101'

and ``/home/grader-course123/.jupyter/nbgrader_config.py`` would be:

.. code:: python

    c = get_config()
    c.CourseDirectory.root = '/home/grader-course123/course123'

  

Custom Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
.. versionadded:: 0.7.0

To make your own custom authentication such as through an LTI you could start by making a method that inherits the Authenticator class, which is a plugin for different authentication methods.

There are now four authentication classes:

* ``BaseAuthPlugin``: Inherit this class when implementing your own plugin, thought of as a way to enable LTI use cases. This class is never called directly.
* ``NoAuthPlugin``: The default old behaviour. Using this plugin will allow any user to any course if he does not have a course_id in his nbgrader_config. This is still the default behaviour so no need to specify it in ``etc/jupyter/nbgrader_config.py``

* ``JupyterHubAuthPlugin``: Uses the Jupyterhub groups part of the Jupyterhub API for authentication.

* ``Authenticator``: Configurable for different plugins.

> **BaseAuthPlugin methods to override for custom authentication**        

Author: Ahh yes, now it works.

custom ``nbgrader_config.py`` that will cause nbgrader to look for assignments
in a subdirectory corresponding to the course name. See :ref:`multiple-classes`
for details.

JupyterHub Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

With the advent of JupyterHubAuthPlugin students who don't have a specified course_id won't see all courses anymore, just the ones they have been added to. 

Requirements for using ``JupyterHubAuthPlugin``: 

* Jupyterhub > 0.8

> * Activating the JupyterHubAuthPlugin requires you to add it as an authentication plugin class into ``/etc/jupyter/nbgrader_config.py``

Reviewer: Maybe say this instead:

```suggestion
* Activating the JupyterHubAuthPlugin requires you to add it as an authentication plugin class into the ``nbgrader_config.py`` for both the formgrader services and instructor accounts.
```

because other people may have their `nbgrader_config.py` files set up differently and paths are different on different systems. However I do want to create a separate piece of documentation (in a separate PR probably) about how to deal with different `nbgrader_config.py` files.

.. code:: python

    from nbgrader.auth import JupyterHubAuthPlugin
    c = get_config()
    c.Authenticator.plugin_class = JupyterHubAuthPlugin

* Instructor and student groups need to be named ``formgrade-{course_id}`` for instructors and ``nbgrader-{course_id}`` for students
* The course service needs to have an api_token set that is from a jupyterhub admin see: Creating an `api token <https://jupyterhub.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/rest.html#create-an-api-token>`_

* The service user also needs to be added to the formgrade group (see the jupyterhub_config example below)

As in the case of multiple graders for a single class, if you have multiple
classes on the same JupyterHub instance, then you will need to create multiple
services (one for each course) and corresponding accounts for each service
(with the nbgrader extensions enabled, see :doc:`/user_guide/installation`).
For example, you could have users ``grader-course101`` and
``grader-course123``. Your JupyterHub config would then look something like
this:

.. code:: python

    c = get_config()

    # Our user list

>     c.Authenticator.whitelist = [

Reviewer: I think `grader-course101` and `grader-course123` need to be added to the whitelist as well.

Author: Added to the whitelist

There also needs to be a ``nbgrader_config.py`` file in the root of each grader
account, which points to the directory where the class files are, e.g. in
``/home/grader-course101/.jupyter/nbgrader_config.py`` would be:

.. code:: python

    c = get_config()
    c.CourseDirectory.root = '/home/grader-course101/course101'

and ``/home/grader-course123/.jupyter/nbgrader_config.py`` would be:

.. code:: python

    c = get_config()
    c.CourseDirectory.root = '/home/grader-course123/course123'

Custom Authentication
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

To make your own custom authentication such as through an LTI you could start by making a method that inherits the Authenticator class, which is a plugin for different authentication methods.

There are now three authentication classes:

* ``NoAuthPlugin`` : The default old behaviour. Using this plugin will allow any user to any course if he does not have a course_id in his nbgrader_config. This is still the default behaviour so no need to specify it in ``etc/jupyter/nbgrader_config.py``

* ``JupyterHubAuthPlugin`` : Uses the Jupyterhub groups part of the Jupyterhub API for authentication.

> * ``Authenticator``: Inherit this class to make your own Authenticator plugin, thought of as a way to enable LTI use cases.

Reviewer: Actually this isn't quite right---to have your own plugin you have to inherit from `BaseAuthPlugin`. The `Authenticator` class is the object which is configurable to have different plugins.

Could you also add here some documentation about the methods that have to be overwritten? These are `get_student_courses`, `add_student_to_course`, and `remove_student_from_course`. You can do this automatically with sphinx directives, something like this:

```
.. currentmodule:: nbgrader.auth

.. autoclass:: BaseAuthPlugin

    .. automethod:: get_student_courses

    .. automethod:: add_student_to_course

    .. automethod:: remove_student_from_course
```

Author: I added a normal rst table for the methods that need to be overridden, I could not get the extensions in nbgrader/docs/source/conf.py to work with this. There was no currentmodule extensions found, I tried adding autosummary, it accepted that extension but I had some errors.
